# Project Progress call 08-04-20
### Attendees: Thomas Stanley, Saima Butt, Ellen Devereux, George Taylor, Chris Legg, Emilia Driscoll (Chair).

All, thanks for your time on the call just now, below are the notes:
1.	We did introductions and gave George a welcome to the team.
2.	Ellen has been busy tidying up GitHub this week with Georgia making it more usable.  
a.	Everything that is Fujitsu labelled in the issues list is added to the sprint board under the “to do” column.  A new column has also been added called “Backlog” during the call.  The intention is when any new user stories are added they will be placed in Backlog.  During Sprint planning the user stories will then be moved to the relevant column.    
b.	Ellen and Thomas has a call today, each user story needs to be checked against the requirements ensure there are no duplicates and ensure they have enough information / acceptance criteria.  
3.	Thomas is currently looking through the issues that Ellen assigned last week.  He has been triaging them addressing each of those. 
a.	#23 duplicate #103 recommended that is closed.    
b.	#44 create user experiences can be closed but wanted to have confirmation on the title first.  Double check.
c.	#51 think the main owner should be Chris as to do with Personas.  
d.	#84 we have the high level demands from the user, but we need to go through the low level acceptance criteria.  
e.	#74 GDPR Compliance = we need to make sure we get requirements from that where we need to build in any GDPR functionality.
4.	Functional testing needs to be discussed and confirmed.  This is not UAT Testing (the 1-2-1 guidelines covers this) New issue has been raised and assigned to Saima and Thomas. 
5.	Video for Sprint 1, the Video alterations are now complete.  Creative will need to provide the rubber stamp before we upload to YouTube.  Chris’ next step is to set up the YouTube channel.    
6.	Chris will be adding UX Deliverables to GitHub... story mapping, flows, feedback from Tomas, questionnaires, links to the wireframes. 
7.	Progress on RAID (Risk Assumptions Issues and Dependency log – No updates received, feedback is he spreadsheet needs explaining.  
a.	Emilia offered to collate through simple bullets if the spreadsheet is hard to work with
b.	Emilia also to offer a step through session to Ellen and anyone else if required. 
Immediate concerns raised
•	Test resources need to be lined up – Emilia to discuss with Autistica today.
