## Fujitsu/Turing backlog refinement meeting 21 04 2020 

### Attendees: (name/GitHub Username)

* Saima Butt (Chair)
* Georgia Aitkenhead/GeorgiaHCA
* Ellen Devereux/EllenDevereux
* Emilia Driscoll /Drscolle
* Christopher Legg 
* Thomas Stanley
* George Taylor 
* Kirstie Whitaker / @KirstieJane (First half)

### Useful Links:

* Business Requirements: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/blob/master/project-management/platform-requirements/fujitsu-business-requirements.md
* Sprint demo requirements: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/blob/master/project-management/sprint-demo-requirements.md
* Sprint Report: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/AutisticaCitizenScience/blob/master/SPRINTREPORT.md


### Backlog Prioritisation / Meeting minutes:

* We began by reviewing the user feedback from Sprint 1 Demo.   
* We reviewed the sprint board and went through each item to be added to Sprint 3.  More items can potentially be added to the sprint board from the google spreadsheet.
* The next meeting is on 28/4/20 (Sprint Planning) where priorities will be marked against each issue.
* It was noted that the focus should be on the Wireframes (Back End) for the coming sprint. 
* Concerns raised that we have had user feedback from only one person and this needs to be from a diverse set from the Autistic community.  
* A new process document is required to identify how wider community feedback will be received.  
* There were discussions around the potential options we could implement to facilite feedback; for example present the user with a questionnaire. 
* To define the process there is a dependency on receiving information on Best Practice from Autistica which as requested 13/3 with no response.


### Actions from the meeting:
1. Idenfying usable user stories from the Demo 1 user feedback; these need to be added to the Google sheet - Chris Legg
2. Thomas to review the development resources onboard and provide an update to Saima. 
3. Chris to send Ellen the questionnaire template.
4. Georgia to send the Video, Report and newsletter to the insight group.
5. Saima to look into options for wider communty feedback i.e. work effort required to create an alert system where we can get feedback from the community. 

Next meeting 28 April 2020 - Sprint 3 Planning 
